docs: CHANGELOG.md is release-prep only; PRs must not add entries (#4707)
aethersdr/AetherSDR: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Code is clean-room — not decompiled, disassembled, or
      reverse-engineered from a proprietary binary (Principle IV)
- [ ] All meter UI uses `MeterSmoother` (AGENTS.md convention)
- [ ] Documentation updated if user-visible behavior changed — `docs/` and the
      affected READMEs. **Not `CHANGELOG.md`**, which is a release-prep file a

>       PR must not add to (AGENTS.md); describe the change here instead

Author: **Nit (non-blocking): "here" is ambiguous inside a checklist.**

Read in place, "describe the change here instead" points at the checkbox the reader is standing in, not the Summary section further up. Naming the section removes the ambiguity — and this template is the exact place an author decides whether to add an entry, so it's worth being literal.

```suggestion
- [ ] Documentation updated if user-visible behavior changed — `docs/` and the
      affected READMEs. **Not `CHANGELOG.md`**, which is a release-prep file a
      PR must not add to (AGENTS.md); describe it in the Summary above instead
```

Separately, and pre-existing: this file has no trailing newline (`\ No newline at end of file` on the last line). Cheap to fix while you're already in the last four lines.
